Sharding
  Why
    When your data get too large, you need to add sharding which is to split table into smaller chunk and stores on different node of database
  How to shard your data?
    What to shard by
      The field that we use to group our data, usually called shard key
      How we can decide a good shard key?
        What column we use to shard and why?
        The good shard key has 3 properties
          High cardinality: The field has many unique value. The more data, the easier we can find
          Even distribution: The data in each shard is equally
          Align with queries: We shard on the column we used the most in the query
    How to distribute data
      It's a mapping a shard key values to a given machine to a given database
      Range based
        The data is distributed based on the range of value
          For example: 
            + user with id from 1 -> 20M will be in node 1,
            + user with id from 20M -> 40M will bei n node 2
      Hash based
        It's work like a hashmap
        You used a hash function to distribute your data across machine
        However, if you add/remove a new node, you need to re-distribute your data. And it can be worse
      Consistent Hashing
      Directory-Based sharding
        Use a look-up table to define where you want to store your data
        It's like you create table in your database/redis any storage thing to store this mapping and then get the shard address based on data
        The good thing is you can implement the customer logic into this sharding
        Cons:
          You need to make 2 request which is to query look-up table and to the sharding -> increase latency
          Single pont of failure. If look-up table is failed, you don't know where your data is to query
  Challenge of sharding
    Hotspot
      For example, a famous user is posting on facebook and many people will react their post while the other user's post isn't
      Solution:
        Compound shard key: you need to determine which data is causing the Hotspot. From example above, it should be the their post since people're reacing on user's spot
        => you can combine post_id, user_react_id or
        Has a dedicated shard for famous people: IT's like you create a single very strong machine to store the data for famous user.
          This can apply if you're using Directory-Based sharding
    Cross-shard operation
      The query need data from more than 1 shard. This usually happens when you don't shard ur data carefully
      Solution:
        Caching:
          You cache those expensive query
        Denormalize your data
    Maintaining Consistency
      Cross Transaction due to the data in different shard
      For example: Bob transfer money to Alice. Bob and Alice're on both different shard
      Solution:
        2 Phase Commit
        Try to avoid cross transaction as much as possible
        Saga Pattern